RECORD QUESTIONS 

1. Write a program to print Fibonacci series up to ‘n’ times (read ‘n’ as
command line argument. 

2. Write a program to create a class Complex that has two members real and
imaginary and methods to initialize and print the complex number. Create
another class ComplexOperations and provide static methods to add, multiply,
and compare two complex numbers. 

3. Create a package called pack which contains a class Prime with a member
function checkPrime() to check whether a number is prime or not. Create another
package called mypack which contains a class called Matrix and include the
following member functions: to read a matrix, to display the matrix, to find
the sum of diagonal elements of the matrix and check whether the sum is prime
or not by accessing the method checkPrime() from Prime class. 

4. Write a program to create a class Solid with data members’ length, breadth,
height, and volume. Provide 3 constructors having one parameter (for cube), two
parameters (for square prism), and three parameters (rectangular prism). Also
provides functions to calculate area and volume. Find the area of a cube, a
square prism, and a rectangular prism using the above class. 

5. Create an abstract class called Figure which contains three data members
(length, breadth and height). Include an abstract method to find the area.
Figure class also contains concrete methods to read the data members and to
display them. Derive two classes Rectangle and Triangle from Figure and
override area() to find the area of a rectangle and triangle. 

6. Write a program to create a class called Rectangle with length, breadth and
area. Provide functions to find the area and get back to the area. Create a new
class Box by extending the Rectangle class add two new members, height and
volume, and also new functions to calculate and get back the volume. 

7. Write a program to create an abstract base class Account with 3 members
account holder name, account number and balance amount. Provide a constructor
to initialize data members, a function to deposit cash to an account, and an
abstract function, withdrawal. 

8. Write a program to create a class Employee with data members name, code and
basic pay and with functions to initialize and print information. Create an
interface Salary with a function salary calculation. By inheriting the Employee
class and Salary Interface create a new class SalarySlip which overrides the
salary calculation method to calculate the net salary of an employee from basic
pay. Provide a function to print the Salary Slip of the employee in the
SalarySlip class. 

9. Write a Java program that implements a multithreaded program has three
threads. First thread generates a random integer every 1 second and if the
value is even, second thread computes the square of the number and prints. If
the value is odd the third thread will print the value of cube of the number. 

10. Write an exception handling program using try, catch, throw, throws and
finally. 

11. Write a swing program for validating the form having a numeric field,
character field, phone number, and email ID. 

12. Write a Swing interactive program in which the number is entered in the
textField, if the entered number is even, it should be displayed in List1
otherwise in List2. 

13. Write a java program to simulate a traffic light. The program lets the user
select one of the three lights: red, yellow, or green. On selecting a button,
an appropriate message with ”Stop”, “Ready” or “ Go” should appear above the
buttons selected color. 

14. Create an applet using Java, which take a number as input and display table
of the number. Use appropriate GUI components and layout in your applet. 

15. Write a Java program to define Account class. Derive Saving_Account class
from Account class. Define appropriate constructors for both classes. Define
the following methods in the Saving_Account class: 
  Display( ): To display account details including account number and balance in
  the account.  
  Deposit( ): To deposit money in an account. 

16. Write a program that creates a user interface to perform integer divisions.
The user enters two numbers in the text fields, Num1 and Num2. The division of
Num1 and Num2 is displayed in the Result field when the Divide button is
clicked. If Num1 or Num2 were not an integer, the program would throw a
NumberFormatException. If Num2 were zero, the program would throw an Arithmetic
Exception Display the exception in a message dialog box. 

17. Write a Java program to create an applet to find the simple interest on a
given amount, rate of interest and duration. Use proper GUI components in your
program. 

18. Write an applet program to display the mouse coordinates. 
19. Write an applet program to display Simple Banner. 
20. Write a program using GridLayoutManager. 
21. Write a multithreading program using different priority threads. 
22. Write a JDBC program to add and display the details of an employee 
23. Write a JDBC program to add and update the details of a student. 

24. Write a JDBC program to add and delete the details of a product. 

SI No. 
NAME OF THE PROGRAMS 
DATE 

1. Fibonacci Series 
2. Operations On Complex Numbers 
3. Package Implementation 
4. Class Implementation 
5. Abstract Class Implementation 
6. Inheritance In Java 
7. Abstract Class With Inheritance 
8. Interface Implementation 
9. Multithreading In Java 
10. Exception Handling 
11. Validation Using Swing 
12. Text Field in Swing 
13. Traffic Light Simulation 
14. Applet In Java 
15. Savings Account 
16. Integer Divisions 
17. Simple Interest 
18. Mouse Coordinates 
19. Simple Banner 
20. Grid Layout Manager 
21. Priority Threads 
22. Employee Details 
23. Update In JDBC 
24. Product Details 
